i
to
good to all I am art and that we are
here in a new video today I'm going to
teach them how to build lamps
automatic is a circuit very very
simple so it's not going to cost us
too much and it's also very effective
so you can use it if you want
build for example a city
pretty big an epic city with
gigantic constructions as you can
put these lamps that are pretty
at the height of a good construction
so let's learn to build them
It is very simple and practically with
what you are seeing you can already learn
to do it but just in case I'm going to
build them live so you can see
how it is done
it's very easy first let's start with
a suit is worth the part of let's say the
foot of the lamp where we are going to place
any type of block and I will use
quartz columns because I love the
quartz and then always the best
and we do it a higher block let's say
that this block here we will have it
remove vale we have to do this well
then we put a block of rest of
over and we can remove the one below
if we want but we can take advantage of it
also already directly to place the
stairs like this
I mainly do this so that
smaller, everything is worth it so that
be more compact and do not look
but here you can place any type
of blocks as long as it's not a slap for
that you do not see the rest block let's go
to make day so you can see that
they work perfectly and for you to see
the back how it moves
there you see it as soon as this day the
Lamp is deactivated by lowering this piston
this is why this block serves us
of space that we left right here
down as you see right now we can not
remove the one we had left so
we have to remove one and put it like that
ok it's not complicated at all it's very
simple
now we put the network lamps here
they are very simple also right here
above the stairs and once the
we have put now we can put the
that would be the sensor daylight is worth what
we put just above a block and
now we take advantage of this to put the
sticky piston and we have it now
missing other stairs over here
and end and we have it finished now
you will see that if we do at night because
directly turns off the lamp it
turn on sorry this what it does is that
it turns off what is the
sensor signal day and night is worth
the light sensor this what it does is that
I went backwards I do not understand very well
what they did like that but it was the
main problem when it comes to
build this circuit the sensors of
this is what they do is they do not emit
signal if it is night therefore
normally you for what you want is a
Light sensor is for making lamps
It's good for the lamps to light up
when it is night so the logical
it would have been for the sensor to emit
signal when outside at night and not when
it is of the day but how it does it upside down
It was very complicated to do something like that
of this style that would go on when
be at night and as we needed
do it in a very small space
because it has to be floating like that
let's say there is only one stick holding
I had to make it a circuit
very very small that did not enter here
inside so the simplest way that
found is to put this piston with
a block is a sticky piston by the way
what it does is push the block
down when it's daytime so the
lamps are not activated
so I do not expect you to have understood
everything quite well as I said is
Simple circuit is not very good
complicated to understand more than anything is
a compression job is worth trying
compress a circuit a function as
you can for you to enter a
space as small as this is
I hope nothing you liked this
video I hope you found it useful
this circuit and we in the next
goodbye video